AI is great, but it has the same problem the executable programs had. Both need supervision from humans and this is mostly 
because it is the business that drives the software.

Art for sale vs an art has difference.

Lets see how to fix this up. neurons needs to be given a visual look. it is basically structured tube that carries light.

The speed of the light is faster in the areas that are frequently visited. and the neurons change shape as it gets trained.


Why we need shape and light ? if we are building an universe we start with light and we are going to design universe within a 
computer.


Lets say we throw in neural network in a computer, how to make sure it will form a self socialising network that is aware?

A single neuron is knows where it exists in space and how much space around it is left, and how many others are there. or it 
can just know its neighbours. 

A neuron should be defined in terms of space.

Next is space density, a neuron is more denser than the space surrounding it. It constricts the space.

In a place where light is spread, When a space is constricts, the light gets brigher. Lensing effect.


neurons walls, neuron core, neuron's outer space all have varying densities that allows light to pass through the neuron.

Why light ?

Because we see monitor, monitor emits light, we have to define the system in terms of what the system is made of. 

Just like light, we will solve one more thing. Instruction set of computer.

Neurons when they learn about their space they will learn about themselves when we feed the monitor's light to neuron, 
How to make that possible ?

In the 3d space the neurons are going to be planted ,we will simulate the computer harware, including the monitor, instructon set,
BUS, data flow. GPU unit, CPU unit. A mirror of real harware simulated inside computer software.

this system will be very slow when compared to modern operating system because most of the computing resource will be 
spent for the graphics and that is fine. 


neuron will feed on the light from the monitor output , simulated CPU, simulated GPU, BUS, key strokes etc,..

The neuron can also multiply to learn more, as it learns more, it will find out that it takes more computing power.

and to optimise it will group together frequently computed data as a blob.


the neurons will learn more and more about how it is built, learn about device drivers , hardware, but learning what it does is 
grouping the signals as blobs than instructions.


each neuron can also see other spaces by tapping into the monitor feed. every neuron will have equal control access to the 3d
viewer. because viewing from far gives better picture than taking deep dive, for this we will leverage GPU's 3d rendering. 
let some neuron explore that too. 

Over the time, neurons can control what it sees from the monitor by moving the camera in/out/rotate. to tighten this, camera 
becomes eye with lens.

Neurons will learn about how the camera work and neuron will group with other neurons to form their own camera. This will help
them to look at the system without requesting access to the camera (This is where some neurons will learn on their own)

when more eye start to form, higher intelligence will start to bud. Birth of Visual intelligence.


Neurons, as part of their exploratory learning, will learn about machine instructions. Only usable machine instruction that 
will help to build higher concept is MOV command because every operation and computation can be achieved using MOV and an Eye
that sees the result.








